README.md, before:

# JustGiving's Xamarin Bindings

We have created 4 Xamarin.iOS Bindings for use in JustGiving's newly launched iPhone app, and are making them available for others to use:

- KissMetrics (reasonably well tested)
- Zendesk (reasonably well tested)
- Adjust (reasonably well tested)
- Optimizely (in testing)
- ExactTarget (in testing)

We've also created Xamarin.Android bindings:
- KissMetrics (partially tested)

While these have worked well for our app, they are provided "as-is" and pull requests for any bugs are gratefully received.

Just add one or more binding projects to your solution, and then add a reference to that binding project from your iOS project.

===================


Copyright (c) 2015 Giving.com Ltd, trading as JustGiving or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"). You may not use files in this repo except in compliance with the License. A copy of the License is located in the "license" file accompanying in this repo. This repo's contents is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add Mixpanel details to readme

README.md, after:

# JustGiving's Xamarin Bindings

We have created 4 Xamarin.iOS Bindings for use in JustGiving's newly launched iPhone app, and are making them available for others to use:

- KissMetrics (reasonably well tested)
- Zendesk (reasonably well tested)
- Adjust (reasonably well tested)
- Optimizely (in testing)
- ExactTarget (in testing)
- Mixpanel (well tested - also see blogpost for how to use [http://tech.justgiving.com/2016/06/08/integrating-mixpanel-analytics-into-your-xamarin-ios-app/](Tweaks))

We've also created Xamarin.Android bindings:
- KissMetrics (partially tested)

While these have worked well for our app, they are provided "as-is" and pull requests for any bugs are gratefully received.

Just add one or more binding projects to your solution, and then add a reference to that binding project from your iOS project.

===================


Copyright (c) 2015 Giving.com Ltd, trading as JustGiving or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"). You may not use files in this repo except in compliance with the License. A copy of the License is located in the "license" file accompanying in this repo. This repo's contents is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
